field with y = 1 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 1 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 1 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 1 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 1 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 1 and x = 16 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 4 and x = 16 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 7 and x = 16 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 16 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 13 and x = 16 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 1 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 4 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 7 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 10 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 13 has been initialised
field with y = 16 and x = 16 has been initialised