starting padding: y = -34 x = 29
field with y = -34 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -34 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -30 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -26 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -22 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -18 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -14 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 7[H[2J[1;30H-----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----[3;30H-----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----[4;30H|   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |  |   |[3;107H[4;1H[?12l[?25h[?1049l[23;0;0t
[?1l>8 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -10 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -6 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = -2 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = 2 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = 6 and x = 106 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 29 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 36 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 43 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 50 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 57 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 64 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 71 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 78 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 85 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 92 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 99 has been initialised
field with y = 10 and x = 106 has been initialised
